Add the description for survey in 2023 and 2024 (#1137)
apache/airflow-site: landing-pages/site/content/en/blog/airflow-survey-2023/index.md

tags: ["community", "survey", "users"]
date: "2023-09-21"
author: "Michael Robinson"

> description: "2023 saw rapid adoption of Airflow 2, and continued growth of the community. This annual survey helps us understand how people are using Airflow, and where we can best focus our efforts going forward."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Airflow 2 has seen rapid adoption, accompanied by continuous community growth. This annual survey helps us understand how people use Airflow and where we can best focus our efforts as we advance."
```
